Let everyone.
Welcome back to this new problem.
And this is my favorite problem of the series.
So let's read the problem statement.
And it's really okay because we are moving one step above every time and we are like moving towards
the end.
Let me check.
So here we have permutation, grouping, subtree in the watchtower grid in frog.
So we have like eight problems left.
Eight.
So.
The level of all the problems are increasing right now, basically.
And.
It's fine that if you find this problem tough, if you're not able to formulate a state for it or something
like that, because this problem is a little tricky.
And in this problem you have to notice some properties or permutations, and after that only you will
be able to come up with a solution.
So let's read this.
Let's understand the problem, and then we'll discuss it.
So let and be a positive integer.
You are given a string of length and minus one consisting of less than and greater than characters.
Finding number of permutations of B1 to be and of one doing that satisfy the following condition.
So here we have a modulo 21 number seven.
Well, no problem.
We'll do that later.
For each, I will pay a lesson pay plus one of the characters lesson or A and B, I should be greater
than B plus one.
If the character is greater than good, no problem.
What we have is we have PN minus one.
Characters.
And we have to fill all the endless that decision to these n minus one characters by using a permutation
from when doing that so that this particular equation is satisfied.
Right.
If I fill it with one, three, two, four.
So what do I get?
One.
Three, two, four, eight.
So what are the strings?
But this was a string.
I can sing.
Third string.
So we have these three characters and we have to.
But this was one possible way.
The second possible way is one, four, two, three.
Right.
Third possible way is two, three, one and four.
So as you can see, there is less than three trees is greater than one, one is less than four and so
on.
So one is less than four, four is greater than two is less than three.
So all of these are satisfying.
The conditions given in my string is the student.
So y is not equal to given in this because we have a permutation, no two elements can be equal.
They will be either greater than or they will be less than the element.
I hope that's fine too.
Here we have five.
In this case, we have only one particular option, which is a one, two, three, four, five, eight.
Only one possible permutation will be satisfying this condition.
Next is 28.
So this is just to check whether our code works fine or not when we'll call it out.
It's still huge.
And of course, there are many more permutations that would satisfy this.
Answer more than this because this is kind of modular and it's 1978.
The answer is really very big.
So in just just 422 so big, then just think about what it would be for Italian food.
And there are so many infected populations possible.
Where do we start with this problem?
Even even I faced issues with this problem initially, but where do I start with it?
There are a few things that will notice and then we'll begin.
Let's start from brute force, as we all do.
So what's a brute force solution here?
We have one, two, three, four places and we have three characters.
Less than greater than less than the most basic brute force solution would be to have a backtracking
solution.
They'd like, keep on filling all the numbers here and keep even filling the next number here.
Let's say you fill one who were there then.
What are the other numbers that can be filled over here?
It can be two, three, eight.
Basically, what that what we need to do is we need to keep a set.
Look, these are the elements which are the remaining elements.
Initially, we have a set of one, two, three, four elements.
All the elements are during the set which are remaining the let's see, I feel one over there now.
One has gone from my and I pass on the set to the next step here.
What I have is I have two, three and four, eight.
So let's say okay, so I have two, three and four in my set.
Now we see we have a less than sign and, and the number that I feel was, was one it.
So basically we have to keep track of this also what was the number, what was the actual digit that
we placed one step before because we want to satisfy this condition.
If I placed one, that means all the other elements which are greater than one and in the set can be
filled reflect this particular location.
Right?
So let's say I feel I can fill any of them.
Two, three, four, all of them are possible.
So let's say I failed two.
If I bring two, then what is the remaining set?
The remaining set is to the end.
For now, I can fill at the three and four at this location.
So we have to check what was the element that I filled in the previous position, which was two.
So if I fail to in the previous position and now I can only fill the elements which are less than two,
but in my set I have elements three and four which are greater than two.
Who will there be a possible permutation starting from one and two?
No, but in this case what I'll do is I'll simply backtrack because there are no elements which are
less than two.
Anything can be filled over here.
Right?
So in this case, what I'll do is I'll backtrack.
So let's go back.
Let's step back.
And instead of bullets, fill three.
It is all better than books, right?
It removes whatever you have failed.
It corrects your mistakes and makes a new pot, basically.
So let's say I filled three over here and although the remaining said is two in four, now I have to
fill our number, which is less than three, so only to satisfy the property.
And after this, the only side which is remaining is for four will be filled over here.
And I found one possible way.
That means I have filled all of these.
Right.
Two, one, three, two, four is a possibility.
Well.
Now.
Now, again, what we'll do is we'll backtrack to how do we backtrack?
Will you move forward from here?
We'll try place you try to play some other terms over here which we cannot place because only for was
available.
Now I will remove to and we'll try placing food away, which we cannot because food is not less than
38.
So again, we will backtrack and will place food over you.
Because we can place food, because food is greater than one.
Now the remaining elements are two and three.
So we can place two over here and three over here, eight.
And then we'll backtrack and we'll try to place three over here.
But then we will not be able to place you in the last position.
This is all a normal backtracking solution.
Will look like you will have a set.
You will have a devious element that this is the previous element that was filled.
The previous position.
So that I can.
Consider these.
Characters like this.
I hope now, like if you have reached this location of the course, you can easily write a backtracking
solution for this.
But back to the solution.
What it will do is it will keep on filling the elements one by one.
It will keep those.
It will fill those elements one by one.
And if it fails those elements one by one, then it will make all possible ways to fill this.
Eight.
If it makes all possible ways to fill it, then.
Yeah.
So if it.
Let's just again.
Yes.
So if it fits with all possible ways, then it will take a lot of time and effort because we know that
there were five years for this, but they were there are so many ways for this particular event.
The the reason bigger because this is a model.
So what next?
Like, we know that backtracking won't work.
So some of you might be wondering, okay, that this is again.
Yeah.
So, buddy.
Now backtracking solution won't work over here, right?
So what will work?
What will help us?
DP Right.
So let's see.
A new way of thinking of the solutions are tell me, guys, if it was not one, two, three, four,
eight.
If it was not one, two, three, four, but just so many distinct numbers.
Then also the answer would have been same rate.
But what I'm saying is, let's see if it is not one, two, three, four.
Let's say it is two, five, seven and nine.
We have four distinct numbers.
Then also the answer would have been same.
They would have been five.
Possible answers for this.
If there are only five possible answers and they would also have been when the numbers went to five,
seven and nine.
Eight.
So I hope you're getting this vibe because.
I simply index them.
This is the first biggest number.
The second biggest number.
Third, biggest number and fourth, biggest number.
And instead of two, five, seven, nine, I can please one, two, three, four, two, eight, and
then afterwards replace them and replace them with whatever the number is kept over here, which is
two, five, seven, eight, nine, eight.
So this was to me, this was a first kind of thing to notice that.
We can easily.
Well, there was a lot of noise in my area, so.
Have you understood this particular point, that it can be any of the numbers?
Right.
Instead of saying that you only have a population, you can have any of the four distinct numbers.
And the answer would be seem there would be five.
So what we had is we saw different ways.
So instead of one, right, what is at place one?
It is two instead of three.
Right?
What is it, three which is seven, then five and then nine.
So you can see this is another valid.
Answer eight.
So that's what I meant.
That's what I want you to make me do tonight.
Able to you eight.
That.
Instead of a permutation, you can have any of the numbers.
So instead of saying, is that okay, you have a set of numbers, one, two, three, four.
What I did say is I have a set of numbers where s numbers are greater than if s numbers are smaller
than the previous number, which I filled, and the numbers are greater than the previous them, whether
I fit.
Well, because we know that we don't want the exact numbers.
If I knew that.
Okay, these many numbers are less than the previous number, which is fake.
Then I have these many slots which can be these many numbers which can be filled in the next slot,
by the way.
I have the numbers which are greater than the previous numbers so I can fill those.
So I don't actually want to say I just want to values that these are these many are the numbers which
can be filled at that particular location.
Initially, let's say I am filling it with one.
So again, coming back to the example of when and how many smaller numbers from when I have.
I have zero numbers which are smaller than one and I'm talking about this eight.
So I'm not considering a set.
I'm just considering numbers smaller than and numbers greater than a particular number which has been
filled already.
But I have zero numbers which are smaller than one and I have three numbers which are greater than one.
But how many numbers can come at this particular location?
Eight.
So basically, what what is happening over here?
I have a set of numbers.
Bull.
And what I'm doing is I'm picking one number from the outset, eight, that can be any of the numbers.
So let's say this is X one, this is X two, x three and so on, and it's five X in numbers.
So I'm picking up some numbers, some number from middle.
So let's and picking some x m number from middle.
Now, I've divided this effort into two parts that again, I have these many numbers we just starting
from excellent.
And it goes to likes and minus one that these many other numbers which are smaller than him and.
These many numbers are greater than eight.
So these are the count of the numbers which are smaller and these are the count of the numbers which
are great.
So that's what I'm trying to do over there.
If I fill one over here, that means I have zero smaller numbers left to fill at this location and three
greater numbers than one which can be filled at this particular location.
Eight.
So if three greater numbers can be found at this particular location, the let's fill any one of those
numbers.
So right now we know that it is two, three and four, the greater numbers.
But let's say I do not know about this number eight that I do not know about this number, this particular
number.
So initially, guess what?
I have I have all these and numbers eight.
So if I'm filling the first number out of those numbers right now, I'm not saying that over permutation.
I have some animals in 38.
So if I fill the first number in this ordered order, then of course I'll have zero comma and minus
one.
And the next place they'd what if a place second number at this particular location then what I'll have
is I'll have a number which is smaller than the second number which is there in the SEC.
And how many numbers I greater than this.
And minus two numbers would be greater than the number to which can be found in the next particular
location.
I'm just keeping a count of the numbers that I can fill at a particular location.
So this is important because this is like an important step to understand.
So I filled one initially left sampling the first, the smallest number.
Whichever it is, it will be one if it's a population.
Now, I have zero smaller numbers and three bigger numbers than one to reflect this particular location
and the second index.
So I can see that I have.
This.
Character, what the character means.
If I feel that if it is greater than get it right so I know we can see it is a less than character.
That means the next number that needs to be found at the secure location should be greater than the
previous number.
That means.
I do not know what is the previous number that I feel.
I feel a number which divides my head into two parts, which is the smaller numbers, integrating numbers.
That means now I can only use this regret as I must be feeling at this particular location.
Eight.
Okay.
So now let's see, I have three greater numbers and let me write them over here.
Let's say I have three great animals, which are some by one by two via three.
I'm not taking exact numbers, just taking some greater numbers.
So I have triggered a.
And how many smaller numbers I have?
Zero.
So this is an empty set and the greater numbers are three by one.
By the way, at this particular location, guys, if I fill it with Vivan because I can fill it with
Vivan only because it is a great design and I can only use the numbers which are greater than the previous
number, which I have.
Separated.
What if I fill it with by one by one again?
By when is the first greater number than the previous element?
Eight.
If I fill this location with by one, what I'll get?
What will be the next set.
So the smaller numbers by will be still with zero because the set is zero.
What is it?
That means if I'm feeling it with V, when I divided the said into two bites eight, the two time as
part is this monolithic elements then by one which is zero because earlier there were no element is
smaller than by one.
And the second part is in the movie, greater than by one, which is by winning by two.
So we have two numbers.
So this is the next set that okay, if I'm feeling it with the first I use number, which is five one
in this case, then now I can fill this location with zero smaller numbers, then by one and two greater
numbers, then by one by considering this particular character.
But I know let's say we have a character which is less than eight.
But if I have this character.
Which is less than.
That means now I can only feel the elements which are part of.
This less said because I already feel violent.
Everyone is divided.
The set into two parts is smaller than violence and greater than violence is smaller than violence as
zero eight.
And I have a character which is less than eight.
So if if I can only feel the elements which are smaller than one, that means.
I will only consider the number of elements which are in it as so how many elements are there?
And insert is zero elements.
So that means I will not be able to fill anything away.
I hope you are getting this.
Now we'll get now we come back will backtrack basically.
And we will fill it with why do.
If I fill it with vital.
So this was my set.
At this location.
At the second location, derailments were smaller than one and the elements were greater than one grade
with reviving by the them or digging to three four.
I just wanted to give you an example.
So it doesn't matter what is viable by the advisory board matters is that these are the elements which
were greater than one, which was greater than the last element that I feel they were three elements
greater than that.
Now let's I'm filling it with this second highest element because we know we have a.
Characters such that we have to fill the numbers which are greater than the previous element.
So we have three elements greater.
We have to write the first when we are drawing the second one.
If I fill it with V two, then what will be the next location?
What will be this next location?
The next location will be.
Think about it, like what will be the group here?
What will be ascendis?
The everything is it is with respect to why, right?
So this was the whole set.
So if I take value, that means then a movie just smaller than a good.
The numbers which were in the set as will still be smaller than VI do.
Because.
So how many as were there?
Zero less.
How many numbers are smaller?
Then why do we know it is only one number which is smaller than why do those numbers which are smaller
than wider one and then the most which are greater than do are also one.
We're getting this right.
And now at this particular location at the end, the next three, what are the elements that I can fill?
As we know, we have a greater than that means I can only fill elements which are less than I do now.
Eight Because of the same now that means now I will only consider this particular set.
So what does this say represents this small represents by one and big represents by three i we are getting
this every small and greater groups are in respect to vibrance and values.
And the previous element that I have filled out the here I have only one element is smaller.
So I'll fill that element, whatever it is.
Let's say I'm feeling it over here, which is right now we have one eight.
And after this.
I'll move on.
And what will be the new sands for this case?
If I feel that element, then how many elements are smaller than this?
Zero.
And how many elements are greater than this?
One?
Eight.
Nine.
Now we have the next character, which is a lesbian character.
That means the number here which would be greater than VI when it should be in the group G.
The Group G has one element I'll feel it over here and more here.
Eight So at any point of time is we can notice it as plus g would be equal to.
The number of alimony which are smaller and the number of elements which are greater would be equal
to.
Actually.
What does this indeed represent as represents a number of elements which are smaller than the previous
element but are there in the third act.
That means they're not replaced elements and what the jury presents in number of elements which are
there in this set but greater than the previous element.
But both as indeed are those elements majority yet not pleased.
Okay.
So if I index them with zero, let's take them with zero zero and let's index this with one, two and
three eight.
So I can see that at any moment of time how many elements are not placed?
So if I might indicate one, so how many elements are not placed and minus elements are not placed.
But again, I see that as produce equals two and minus a.
Because and is equal to four in this case because we have four places to fill.
And if I want to index one, that means I filled only one place eight.
That means if I'm one index, I have filled I places only I previous places.
So how many elements are remaining?
And minus eight and minus eight is equal to the number of elements which are not placed.
So they can be smaller or greater depending on the element.
We are placing the previous position.
Right.
So this was about a little bit.
So this is a little bit about a theory of thinking of the solution in a different way instead of having
the exact numbers in the set.
This have the count of the numbers which are smaller than the current element and the numbers which
are greater than the current.
We?
Because in the next location we can only place those numbers which are smaller than if I have a.
This same vein.
So if I feel exhilarated, then I can only feel some vice, which is Vice President IX in the next four
years.
So that means only smaller group works over here.
But if I have a.
A positive character.
That means whatever it takes, I feel, and I can only feel the elements which are greater than the
sex at this particular location.
Now, if I want to feel that, hey.
So if I'm feeling the first greater element, that means how many smaller elements are there?
What is it?
To be fair, it should be equal to s that were already smaller than the first greater element, as will
always be there.
Eight.
Do not get confused.
Let's write it properly.
See here I visit s committee.
That means s are smaller than X and D greater than.
No.
Well, not.
I'm not.
I have a greater than saying over here.
So what is greater than sign means that I can only place the elements which are in this empty pool,
the number of elements which are in G.
So let's m placing the first element, which is energy.
That can be a new element, but it is greater than X.
That's what I know.
And this is the first greater element.
If I'm placing the first greater element, let's call it Division one, then what?
What are the elements which are smaller than even s will always be smaller than given because inside
smaller than X and one is greater than x.
That means s will always be less energy even so.
So the next small element is s and how many elements are greater than you know do minus one.
If I'm placing the second greatest element at this location, by it means how many smaller elements
I have.
I s plus one smaller elements because s are already smaller and d one is also smaller.
Because I'm placing G2 right now, I'm placing due to right.
So it becomes s plus one will be small elements because more or less it is already smaller and there
is given which is also smaller.
Now in the second location, what I have is g minus two elements that are greater than two because the
elements in such a similarly guys as plus two will be smaller elements if I place G3, the third graders
element said.
It will be split surplus, two elements smaller than the current element, and the minus three elements
are greater than current value.
And similarly, I'll place all the elements still down.
That means the last greater element.
It will give me a surplus of whatever is a so let's call it GM.
So as plus M will be the number of element which is smaller than that and D-minus M will be the number
elements which are greater than and this will be equal to zero in the end because I am placing the most
greater element for all the other elements, this one smaller than that.
So so it should be plus and minus one eight because it's plus when you minus two plus two do minus three.
So as I say, minus one, do minus which will be zero.
Well.
So yes.
So this was about the brute force approach in the next in the next video will go desperate was approach.
But then we realized that okay if this is a brute force this will also not work.
This will also not work.
A Viber does not work.
We'll see that.
And then we'll again optimize that.
And you will be reminded of a solution that we have already done and we'll be taking help from that
solution.
Eight.
It's a good question.
It's a long question.
Just stay there and see the next part.
Thank you.